README.md, before:

## What you will learn during this workshop

- how to host NFTs metadata and images on secure decentralized storage - Pinata
- how to launch a basic NFT smart contract
- how to use the stacks explorer for deploying smart contracts and calling functions
- how to create a basic react Dapp using Stacks Starter.js with login feature
- how to get all the NFTs owned by the logged user from a given NFT smart contract using the Hiro API on top of the Stacks node
- how to advance and develop the Dapp
  - display all the NFTs owned images in the app
  - select and keep track of the chosen playable character
  - add the game as a scene to the react app
  - integrate the image of the selected NFT into the game

## Current Files and Folders

- `jsons-and-images` contains the images and JSONS for the NFTs
- `game` contains the initial basic game
- `main-menu` contains css styling files for the main menu
- `clarity-nft` contains the NFT smart contract
- `react-cra` contains the basic react dapp that will be developed

## Current State

- Define the scenes
- Map the scenes
- Change scenes and keep track of the current one

Commit message:

complete game with playable custom character

README.md, after:

## What you will learn during this workshop

- how to host NFTs metadata and images on secure decentralized storage - Pinata
- how to launch a basic NFT smart contract
- how to use the stacks explorer for deploying smart contracts and calling functions
- how to create a basic react Dapp using Stacks Starter.js with login feature
- how to get all the NFTs owned by the logged user from a given NFT smart contract using the Hiro API on top of the Stacks node
- how to advance and develop the Dapp
  - display all the NFTs owned images in the app
  - select and keep track of the chosen playable character
  - add the game as a scene to the react app
  - integrate the image of the selected NFT into the game

## Current Files and Folders

- `jsons-and-images` contains the images and JSONS for the NFTs
- `game` contains the initial basic game
- `main-menu` contains css styling files for the main menu
- `clarity-nft` contains the NFT smart contract
- `react-cra` contains the basic react dapp that will be developed

## Current State

- Install dependencies
- Insert game mechanics
- Update the game script to match the integration in the DAPP
- Render selected NFT as the character
- Parse the page mapping states
- Return to main menu from the game
